Describe confirmation options for button entities rows (#35436)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_dashboards/entities.markdown

  required: false
  description: Action taken on row double tap. See [action documentation](/dashboards/actions/#double-tap-action).
  type: map
confirmation:
  required: false

>   description: For entities that display a button element in the row (e.g. button, lock, script), this option adds a confirmation dialog to the press of the button. See [options for confirmation](/dashboards/actions/#options-for-confirmation) for configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: For entities that display a button element in the row (for example, button, lock, script), this option adds a confirmation dialog to the press of the button. See [options for confirmation](/dashboards/actions/#options-for-confirmation) for configuration options.
```
